YOU MUST ACCEPT THE SOFTWARE LICENSE TERMS. SEE BELOW. Please read the full license terms provided at (aka.ms/useterms). 
DATA COLLECTION. The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send that to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve Microsoft’s products and services. Your opt-out rights, if any, are described in the product documentation. Some features in the software may enable collection of data from users of your applications that access or use the software. If you use these features to enable data collection in your applications, you must comply with applicable law, including getting any required user consent, and maintain a prominent privacy policy that accurately informs users about how you use, collect, and share their data. You can learn more about Microsoft’s data collection and use in the product documentation and the Microsoft Privacy Statement at https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=521839. You agree to comply with all applicable provisions of the Microsoft Privacy Statement including the SQL Server privacy supplement: http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=868444 

MICROSOFT SOFTWARE LICENSE TERMS
MICROSOFT SQL SERVER  

The license agreement for SQL Server software at (aka.ms/useterms) is an agreement between you and Microsoft Corporation (or, based on where you live or if a business where your principal place of business is located, one of its affiliates). If you have an applicable volume license agreement for SQL Server software, it takes the place of the license agreement at (aka.ms/useterms). If you acquired a runtime version of SQL Server software with a software application or suite of applications, the licensor of the software application or suite licenses the SQL Server software to you. If so, the Microsoft SQL Server End-User License Agreement with that software application or suite controls any conflict with the agreement at (aka.ms/useterms). 

BY ACCEPTING THIS AGREEMENT OR USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT AT (aka.ms/useterms). IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THEM, DO NOT USE THE SOFTWARE. INSTEAD, RETURN IT TO THE PLACE OF PURCHASE FOR A REFUND OR CREDIT. If you cannot obtain a refund there, contact Microsoft or the Microsoft affiliate serving your country for information about Microsoft’s refund policies. See www.microsoft.com/worldwide. In the United States and Canada, call (800) MICROSOFT or see https://aka.ms/refundguidelines.

SUMMARY OF LIMITED WARRANTY. Depending upon how you obtained the software, Microsoft, or the licensor or your software application or suite, warrants that properly licensed software will perform substantially as described in any Microsoft materials that accompany the software. This limited warranty does not cover problems that you cause, or that arise when you fail to follow instructions, or that are caused by events beyond Microsoft’s reasonable control. The limited warranty starts when the first user of your copy of the software acquires that copy and lasts for one year. Any supplements, updates, or replacement software that you may receive from Microsoft during that year are also covered, but only for the remainder of that one-year period or for 30 days, whichever is longer. Transferring the software will not extend the limited warranty.

Microsoft gives no other express warranties, guarantees, or conditions. Microsoft excludes all implied warranties and conditions, including those of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. If your local law does not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, then any implied warranties, guarantees, or conditions last only during the term of the limited warranty and are limited as much as your local law allows. If your local law requires a longer limited warranty term, despite this agreement, then that longer term will apply, but you can recover only the remedies this agreement allows.

Other exclusions and limitations apply. Please read the entire Limited Warranty at (aka.ms/useterms). 

APPLICABLE LAW AND PLACE TO RESOLVE DISPUTES. If you acquired the software in the United States or Canada, the laws of the state or province where you live (or, if a business, where your principal place of business is located) govern the interpretation of this agreement, claims for its breach, and all other claims (including consumer protection, unfair competition, and tort claims), regardless of conflict of laws principles. If you acquired the software in any other country, its laws apply. If U.S. federal jurisdiction exists, you and Microsoft consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the federal court in King County, Washington for all disputes heard in court. If not, you and Microsoft consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the Superior Court of King County, Washington for all disputes heard in court.

EXPORT RESTRICTIONS. You must comply with all domestic and international export laws and regulations that apply to the software, which include restrictions on destinations, end users, and end use. For further information on export restrictions, visit http://aka.ms/exporting.
